What do u call a Lesbian Dinosaur? A Lickalottapus
How do you explain counterclockwise to a kid who grew up with a digital watch?
Q: What is the definition of eternity?A: 4 blondes, 4 cars, 4 stop signs.
Q: What happens when you take a Packard Bell, Windows 95, a grenade and put them together?A: A typical upgrade.
Teacher: Why are you late? Webster: Because of the sign. Teacher: What sign? Webster: The one that says, "School Ahead, Go Slow."
Why couldn't Spock flush the toilet? Because of the Captains Log.
To the optimist, the glass is half full. To the pessimist, the glass is half empty. To the Accountant , the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
What do you get when you cross a penis and a potato? A dictator.
Did you hear about the blind circumciser? He got the sack.
Marriage is a 3 ring circus: Engagement Ring, Wedding Ring, Suffering.
Ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Did you know that 18 out of 10 people don't understand fractions?
Q: How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?? A: 2, but don't ask me how they got in there!!
The colder the x-ray table, the more of your body that is required on it.
Why are there Braille signs on drive-up ATM's?
I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing "Happy Birthday".
If you don't like the way I drive, get off the sidewalk!
Two guys walk into a bar: "Ouch! Oof!"
Did you ever notice: When you put the 2 words "The" and "IRS" together it spells "THEIRS"?
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars, and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint, and he has to touch it.
Why did New Jersey get all the toxic waste and California all the lawyers? New Jersey got to pick first.
Q: What do men and linoleum have in common? A: Lay them right and you can walk all over them the rest of your life.
If a lawyer and an IRS agent were both drowning, and you could only save one of them, would you go to lunch or read the paper?
Q: why did the man get fired from the Orange Juice factory? A: He wasn't concentrating.
If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive... ...I would choose alive.
What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it
My son just got a tattoo of a heart, a spade, a club, and a diamond, all without my permission. I guess I'll deal with him later.
I'm terrible at telling jokes... I always punch up the fuck lines
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A do-think-he-saurus. What do you call a blind dinosaurs dog? A do-you-think-he-saurus-rex
How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's? It smells like teen spirit.
Wife: make sure to put the toilet seat down Me: okay Me: [to toilet seat] you're worthless and nobody likes you
Calculus should be taught in every high school around the world. It is such an integral field of math.
Have you ever imagined a world with no  hypothetical situations?
What did the String Theorist say when his wife caught him in bed with another woman? Wait, I can explain
What do you call a Kryptonian who loves popcorn? Kern-el
Sometimes I think we're all going to be okay. Other times I read Yahoo Answers.
Why did the element Fluorine get a copyright strike? Because it was extremely reactive
If H2O is on the inside of a fire hydrant, what's on the outside? K9P
Why did the meatball chef get fired from the middle school cafeteria? They caught him stroganoff.
I really don't understand why people think mayweather is so great I'd much rather have June weather
There's 10 types of people in this world Those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Thank you, Student Loan, for getting me through college. I don't think I can ever repay you.
There are two types of people. Those who can extrapolate from incomplete datasets.
Why did the electric car finish the race early? It had a short circuit.
I feel like I second guess myself too much. But then again I'm not really sure.
What does an amoeba call its friend? Cell mate.
A pen and a pencil race. Who won? The Pencil. He lead from start to finish.
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work
I have a split personality, said Tom, being frank.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
I Renamed my iPod The Titanic, so when I plug it in, it says "The Titanic is syncing."
When life gives you melons, you're dyslexic
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, "What's your favorite kind of music?" The other says, "I'm a big metal fan."
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran
My dad farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A maybe
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu - you get what you deserve
I went to buy some camouflage trousers yesterday but couldn't find any
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case
England doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool
All chemists know that alcohol is always a solution
A police officer just knocked on my door and told me my dogs are chasing people on bikes. That's ridiculous. My dogs don't even own bikes
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine
The furniture store keeps calling me to come back. But all I wanted was one night stand
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
A cross-eyed teacher couldn't control his pupils
She had a photographic memory but never developed it
When the past, present, and future go camping they always argue. It's intense tense in tents
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? SUPPLIES!
Let me tell you about my grandfather. He was a good man, a brave man. He had the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the zoo
Is it ignorance or apathy that's destroying the world today? I don't know and don't really care
My dad, unfortunately, passed away when we couldn't remember his blood type… His last words to us were, "Be positive!"
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind
Which country's capital has the fastest-growing population? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
There was a kidnapping at school yesterday. Don't worry, though - he woke up
How do you throw a space party? You planet