"I support the world and love everybody. It's about spreading love and breaking down barriers, not building up hate." - Lil B
"Less opinion, more perspective." - Lil B
"Last time I failed is when I fell in love with distractions." - Lil B
"Let's stop fracking. Who knows about hydraulic fracking? I'm like, whodie, get that oil out the ocean!" - Lil B
"I want the world to see, you can have a million stones thrown at you and you can still be positive." - Lil B
"We're a new generation of people. We need to be happy. We need to love each other. We need to accept each other for who we are and stop judging each other. Live life and love. Stop judging just to keep yourself secure. Look deeper. There's always something deeper than what it is." - Lil B
"My people, you gotta think before you move, you gotta speak before you cry, you gotta live before you die." - Lil B
"I'm a real positive person. Non-violent. Love everybody. I'm definitely an asset to the world." - Lil B
"The irony of loneliness is that everybody shares it from time to time." - Lil B
"Nobody asked to be born. Life is hard, kinda." - Lil B
"I love people, 'cause people are so smart. People have done a lot of great things." - Lil B
"I know I'm a champion. I know I've got it in me, they can't stop me." - Lil B
"I work hard to show my mother that her child has a purpose." - Lil B
"Life is so great. Life is so fun. Life is so great in my head because I see the love. I see what life could be. As long as I can fulfill it and fulfill my days, it will be fruitful and come about." - Lil B
"I hope that I can turn some of my fans that might be homophobic or supporters that might be homophobic and say, "You know what, we're all one people. This is love." -Lil B
"Don’t let people’s stereotypes or stigmas or words—don’t let that put you in a box. Don’t let that ruin your day." - Lil B
"I go to sleep happy. I wake up excited because I give the truth." -Lil B
"I want people to smile when they hear my name. I love everyone. I want to help make it a better time for the kids after me." - Lil B