"I support the world and love everybody. It's about spreading love and breaking down barriers, not building up hate." - Lil B
"Less opinion, more perspective." - Lil B
"Last time I failed is when I fell in love with distractions." - Lil B
"Let's stop fracking. Who knows about hydraulic fracking? I'm like, whodie, get that oil out the ocean!" - Lil B
"I want the world to see, you can have a million stones thrown at you and you can still be positive." - Lil B
"We're a new generation of people. We need to be happy. We need to love each other. We need to accept each other for who we are and stop judging each other. Live life and love. Stop judging just to keep yourself secure. Look deeper. There's always something deeper than what it is." - Lil B
"My people, you gotta think before you move, you gotta speak before you cry, you gotta live before you die." - Lil B
"I'm a real positive person. Non-violent. Love everybody. I'm definitely an asset to the world." - Lil B
"The irony of loneliness is that everybody shares it from time to time." - Lil B
"Nobody asked to be born. Life is hard, kinda." - Lil B
"I love people, 'cause people are so smart. People have done a lot of great things." - Lil B
"I know I'm a champion. I know I've got it in me, they can't stop me." - Lil B
"I work hard to show my mother that her child has a purpose." - Lil B
"Life is so great. Life is so fun. Life is so great in my head because I see the love. I see what life could be. As long as I can fulfill it and fulfill my days, it will be fruitful and come about." - Lil B
"I hope that I can turn some of my fans that might be homophobic or supporters that might be homophobic and say, "You know what, we're all one people. This is love." -Lil B
"Don’t let people’s stereotypes or stigmas or words—don’t let that put you in a box. Don’t let that ruin your day." - Lil B
"I go to sleep happy. I wake up excited because I give the truth." -Lil B
"I want people to smile when they hear my name. I love everyone. I want to help make it a better time for the kids after me." - Lil B
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth." - William W. Purkey
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift, which is why we call it the present." - Bill Keane / master oogway
"Your mind is like this water, my friend. When it gets agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear." - master oogway
"Look at this tree, Shifu. I cannot make it blossom when it suits me, nor make it bear fruit before its time." - master oogway
"You are the master of your destiny: No one and nothing can come in between you and your destiny except you. Take destiny by the horns and have fun." - master oogway
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be." - Shel Silverstein
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston S. Churchill
"It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then." - Lewis Carroll
"What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain." - Maya Angelou
"A person's a person, no matter how small." - Dr. Seuss
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama XIV
"Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live." - Gustave Flaubert
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Whatever you are, be a good one." - Abraham Lincoln
"First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you." - Nicholas Klein
"May you live every day of your life." - Jonathan Swift
"Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past." - George Orwell
"You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes." - A.A. Milne / Winnie the Pooh
"If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself." - Rick Riordan
"Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?" - L.M. Montgomery
"And once the storm is over, you won't remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won't even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in. That's what this storm's all about." - Haruki Murakami
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr
"If you're reading this. Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is." - Chad Sugg
"It is so hard to leave until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world." - John Green
"Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering." - Paulo Coelho
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it." - Mark Twain
"But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create." - Roy T. Bennett
"The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy." - Kalu Ndukwe Kalu
"Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever." - Lance Armstrong
"It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform." - Roy T. Bennett
"The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. There can't be any large-scale revolution until there's a personal revolution, on an individual level. It's got to happen inside first." - Jim Morrison
"Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it." - C. JoyBell C.
"All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle." - St. Francis Of Assisi
"You never fail until you stop trying." - Albert Einstein
"Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you." - Roy T. Bennett
"The thing about growing up with Fred and George, is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve." - Ginny Weasley
"Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down." - Roy T. Bennett
"So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and 3/4ths percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains." - Dr. Seuss
"Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep." - Clive Barker
"Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning. Anyone can start over and make a new ending." - Chico Xavier
"Today's the day! Anal!" - Moistcr1tical
"It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor." - Iroh
"It is important to draw wisdom from many different places." - Iroh
"It's time for you to look inward and start asking yourself the big question: who are you and what do you want?" - Iroh
"Hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength." - Iroh
"While it is always best to believe in oneself, a little help from others can be a great blessing." - Iroh
"Pride is not the opposite of shame, but it's source. true humility is the only antidote to shame." - Iroh
"Good times become good memories but bad times become good lessons." - Iroh
"Sometimes life is like this dark tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you just keep moving... You will come to a better place." - Iroh